This is an interesting keymap. The home row contains modifiers that are
activated if the key is held. The f and j keys, on the pointer fingers act as
shift when held. In order to type a JF, you would need to switch from
holding the f key to holding the j key, and then type f. The is a rare enough
occasion that the convenience is worth it, I believe. 

When you hold down d, a numpad will appear on the right hand side(layer 4).

Another sacrifice that was made is on the / key. This is a one shot key, so
after you type /, the layer switches to the symbol layer. If you want to type /,
you have to hit the key twice. This arrangement would be(is) aided by a program that
enters the other symbol of a pair, so that when you type / then d you see () (two symbols entered).

To get to the third layer, which contains navigation keys, such as arrow keys,
hold down the - key, or the right most right-thumb modifier key. If you tap that
key instead of holding it, you will type -; mostly because I don't know anything
better to put there. I'm tempted to put that key on the symbol layer and make
the tap a one shot or something. 

The esc key and the enter key are designated keys. These keys are very commonly
typed(for vim users), almost as common as space, but they behave differently.
Because they are control commands and they can affect the active program in ways
that cannot be undone. I wanted to reduce or eliminate errors typing those keys,
so they are what they are and there is nothing special about them.

The left most modifier is the gui/command key but it is coupled with a layer
that contains some hard-to-remember key combinations for manipulating windows.
Hopefully, there is no intention of typing command+y because that is one of the
keys that the combos/macros squashed, among others. The jury is still out on
this one, but so far so good.

Really the jury is still out on the whole concept here, but so far so good. I'm
really enjoying the feeling of shift on the home row.

One more caveat: the colon key on the symbol layer is adjusted for a Colemak
layout set on the OS. It is not necessary there because the ; is still on
layer 0. It is mostly there for completeness of the symbol layer.     
